#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via wandb
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via
    #   isoduration
    #   lightning
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   nbconvert
black==23.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
blessed==1.20.0
    # via inquirer
build==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   mip
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-cloud
    #   pip-tools
    #   uvicorn
    #   wandb
cmake==3.26.3
    # via triton
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
croniter==1.3.14
    # via lightning
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dateutils==0.6.12
    # via lightning
debugpy==1.6.6
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
deepchem==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
deepdiff==6.3.0
    # via lightning
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.88.0
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-cloud
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.12.0
    # via
    #   torch
    #   triton
flake8==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.39.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.4.0
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via pytdc
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via wandb
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
inquirer==3.1.3
    # via lightning
ipykernel==6.21.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.4
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via starsessions
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   lightning
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   torch
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   deepchem
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.4.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lightning==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
lightning-cloud==0.5.34
    # via lightning
lightning-utilities==0.8.0
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
lit==16.0.2
    # via triton
littleutils==0.2.2
    # via outdated
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib-venn
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
matplotlib-venn==0.11.9
    # via -r requirements.in
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mip==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
nbclassic==0.5.3
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.9
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.1
    # via torch
notebook==6.5.3
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   deepchem
    #   lightning
    #   matplotlib
    #   matplotlib-venn
    #   ogb
    #   pandas
    #   pytdc
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   rdkit
    #   rdkit-pypi
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   wilds
nvidia-cublas-cu11==11.10.3.66
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu11
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu11
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11==11.7.101
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu11==8.5.0.96
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu11==10.9.0.58
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu11==10.2.10.91
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu11==11.4.0.1
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu11==11.7.4.91
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu11==2.14.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu11==11.7.91
    # via torch
ogb==1.3.6
    # via wilds
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
outdated==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ogb
    #   wilds
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   torchmetrics
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepchem
    #   ogb
    #   pytdc
    #   seaborn
    #   wilds
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.0
    # via black
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via wandb
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   rdkit
    #   rdkit-pypi
    #   torchvision
    #   wilds
pip-tools==6.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==3.1.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
plotly==5.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.22.1
    # via wandb
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   lightning
    #   wandb
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.7
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   lightning
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via lightning-cloud
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pytdc==0.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   croniter
    #   dateutils
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via inquirer
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via lightning-cloud
pytorch-lightning==2.0.2
    # via lightning
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   dateutils
    #   pandas
    #   wilds
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   wandb
pyzmq==25.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.0
    # via qtconsole
rdkit==2022.9.5
    # via deepchem
rdkit-pypi==2022.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytdc
readchar==4.0.5
    # via inquirer
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-cloud
    #   outdated
    #   pytdc
    #   torchvision
    #   wandb
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.3.5
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-cloud
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepchem
    #   ogb
    #   pytdc
    #   wilds
scipy==1.8.1
    # via
    #   deepchem
    #   matplotlib-venn
    #   scikit-learn
    #   wilds
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytdc
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
sentry-sdk==1.16.0
    # via wandb
setproctitle==1.3.2
    # via wandb
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   blessed
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   lightning-cloud
    #   ogb
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
starlette==0.22.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   lightning
    #   starsessions
starsessions==1.3.0
    # via lightning
sympy==1.11.1
    # via torch
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   mypy
    #   pyproject-hooks
torch==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   ogb
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   triton
    #   wilds
torchaudio==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
torchmetrics==0.11.4
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchvision==0.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wilds
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lightning
    #   ogb
    #   pytdc
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   wilds
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   lightning
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
triton==2.0.0
    # via torch
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-cloud
    #   ogb
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn==0.22.0
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-cloud
wandb==0.13.11
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   blessed
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-cloud
websockets==11.0.2
    # via lightning
wheel==0.38.4
    # via
    #   nvidia-cublas-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11
    #   nvidia-curand-cu11
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu11
    #   nvidia-nvtx-cu11
    #   pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
wilds==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
